hey guys it's chaotic Ozzy I'm gonna
make a tutorial for you guys today on
how to level up and gain exp in a fast
amount of time now this is gonna be a
real nice tutorial for anyone who's
struggling getting exp and leveling up
so hope you guys like it one of the
fastest ways of getting exp is well you
want to buy the passes of exp that um
that you can buy in the shop you they
stack on each other so you can buy 130
150 and then 200 percent bonus passes
and they all stack and they give you
about a 4 times bonus so basically
you're having four times more exp than
you normally would if you buy all three
of the passes now fast ways of getting
exp would be hop hopping and what this
is is basically going into a 15 out of
16 or 14 out of 16 players game and you
go in there and you get as many close as
possible in a short amount of time and
by doing that you're getting a ton of
exp because you're getting as many kills
as possible in like under an hour I
guess you could say and you would keep
repeating that process by going to
almost full game that's already in
progress you go in there you get as many
kills as possible and then you find
another def match and then go straight
in there and get more kills you cannot
you can go to bombs too because that's
you have to get a good amount of kills
though if you want to get good exp um
but generally I I do def matches to get
my exp and then bomb loads I have to
make sure that uh I usually go on a
stack team so I get easy kills and
therefore I can get good exp now a
secret way of getting good exp one of
them would be to do a clan bomb and do
it three rounds now if you do three
round bomb use you get sixteen people in
a room and
you finish the games and under two
minutes you'll get 1000 exp if you get
over like maybe seven to ten kills
you'll get about a thousand exp and
under two minutes so you repeat that
process over and over again you can
level up really fast and I did that with
my clan I would put eight people on one
team or from my clan and then I would on
kind of stack the teams a little bit and
then just um we would always win pretty
much and we would in the games and we
would get a ton of exp so I recommend
you try that method as well as the pub
hopping method which is the other method
that I use and that's pretty much it
when it comes to leveling just make sure
you're always playing um clan wars
obviously are going to impact the the
amount of time you level so try to
finish your games if you want to go in a
clan war or just if you you're not
really clan warning you just pubbing
then that's gonna make sure you're
always playing in the games and you're
getting your kills and you're getting
out there and getting into a new game
fast and then util you'll get your
maximum time for ESP that way well thank
you for watching um please subscribe to
our Channel and stay tuned for more
videos